prince here.
We're going to see how to run by transcript on your Windows operating system or on Lenox
operating system.
Right?
All right.
Now that UNIX like systems first,
let me go with Windows operating system.
So already we know from our previous videos how to run by transcript on your Windows
operating system.
And that,
too from common land based.
So if you want to run,
your python escaped from Do you ate this in de waiter itself?
You have an option to run your pie Transcript.
But first of all,
we are going with common line later.
Some offer some time.
We will see how to use by transcript inju waiters or how to run your python skirt.
Using your guowei.
Atticus,
for timing.
We're going to work with Trump Common Line.
Let me weapon my windows common line first.
So from our previous we just holiday,
we have some bite on Skip under this location.
Let me and into that and see some Biden skips or there let me take simply uses off.
Come,
let me take a simple example Our type simply.
Hello.
This is one fight on script,
right?
So if you want to run by turns scoop from windows.
First thing you have to check it.
Whether pie tone,
space hyphen iPhone Washington If it is working,
then directly Kandun fight on.
Then you're skip me sometimes if you don't fight on right,
let's say something like this.
And if it on so you get by.
Tony's not recognized as an internal external command,
of course,
are going some wrong name.
But sometimes if you run in this way fight on space I find even watching this command you
will get this output.
So at that time how you can run means nothing is there just simply provide complete part
off your python?
Very.
You install your fight under Dxy you let it out,
put or simply copied this part.
If you want to walk like this,
if you want to work like this water,
you harder.
Please.
Just to go to ur c right,
then death just to see local disk.
So very you install your python by 10 37 So here you help.
I don't write.
Copy this part copied this part and click on this PC properties.
So these only work with those guys.
Are you one system settings and environment variables,
but you can have this.
But so already I added that,
right?
That's why I only to add any extra part.
If you want to add once again,
you can add it.
This simply new in this week.
But I really we have that fight on 37 The simply I'm canceling so once.
If you are your party here,
then by re weapon in your eternal your python will work in this way fight on space high for
life in Washington.
So if you get in this But now we are ready to run your bite on Skip from your Windows
operating system from common line off your Windows operating system in this way,
simply bite on space.
You're right on script.
So that is very simple to run your bite on skip on your Windows operating system.
Let me take same python scripts where we have that and I'm going to copy this.
Do your UNIX like systems.
Now this is my UNIX like system.
Let's say see that what is my or burning system?
You name,
right?
Know what I'm doing is let me clearly hit also some python scripts.
So these my you know line,
X box 10 mil days.
Saudi.
What happened?
-
Bash
and Kim the AOL.
I'm not sure.
Way.
What?
What happened?
Nobody just know week.
It'll call by transcripts.
Let me enter into that.
So we don't have anything.
Let me create simply.
So there's just abducted whether we a is there or not.
Yes,
it is.
There really am.
Is there or not?
Both are there You can use either We a RV am aerators on your UNIX like systems.
Now I'm using via you because if you use we am no,
it will do some colors.
Simply I'm reading Hello,
world.
Not the way on something I'm pasting your lengths.
So why don't we help this court from your Windows operating system?
No.
Guys off the writing your fight on Skip Just take it whether you help fight on or not.
So simply python by the Ford You will get anyone off the fight on Washington.
UNIX like systems that are you feeling Python?
You're getting some $2.7.
Whatever.
It may be an abortion.
So already we know.
How do you sell fight on three annual UNIX like systems I already installed and we have one
video for that,
right?
Just go through that.
How to install your by country?
I No,
I want to run my python skip using fight on three simply by country space.
Your script name?
This is one way.
If you want to run your pie tone,
skip using python to simply piped on space Script Name Guys,
this is on your next like systems.
Don't get confused.
This is one way I mean the same way How you are running Europe Eitan skip on your windows
operating system.
So now as off No.
Whatever we discuss,
I mean to run your pipe landscape.
It is the common procedure on your windows as well as in.
It's like systems.
But you know what next?
Like system.
See how one extra proceeded also to run your fight on skips?
What is that means?
So before running your before writing your pie transcript Just check it.
Which bite on three you are having is the location by clubby there weapon He was script
Very first lane.
Just mention in this way hash exclamatory,
then your park where your fight on Is there after that?
After that?
Just to provide execution permission for your file.
Now you condone you're skipping this radar slash Hello,
World got people No need to provide fight on space because already inside off our script
the very first line we mention about python which bite on you want to use to run your
script,
you're getting what would know after your script.
All right,
so women sharing so you can mention what are the bite on?
You need to run your lines so I won't bite on three to run my core.
That's very,
very first line with this symbol has exclamatory.
I am mentioning my pie.
Tin pot on this line is score she bang line.
The purpose of this line is you are mentioning an interpreter which interpreter you're
going to use to run your python script.
That's it.
Like so if you want to use them any except other python which actually we mentioned some
default fight on abortion,
fight on worsening inside off your skip,
right,
like by country.
I don't want you spite on three.
I want to use python food than simply externally.
You can mention python and then you are Hello.
It will also works if you mention inside off your skin will take that one.
If we don't mention,
you can run from outside even though you feel how you mentioned from outside will take this
fight on.
That's it.
Okay,
so they on your UNIX like systems anyway,
you know the common procedure for your windows as well as Lennox.
Simply bite on required fight on,
then script name,
But on UNIX,
like systems,
this is the best of it.
That is first,
to find which bite on you want if you want to go with by done to just have type which fight
on or fight on three.
So whatever the path you're getting like,
let's say some script Hello dot be way so very first lane mention you,
uh,
which bite on three output that is location off.
Your fight on on this line is called She Bangs line.
Okay,
just come in that plane she wrangling.
So the purpose of she bangs Laney's,
which type off interpreter you're using to run the lanes we thought there in your cold lets
us simply print.
Hello.
This is also one simple by transcript just to display.
So,
after this word,
your job is just to provide execution Permission for your file.
What are the Skippy?
Hold,
then?
Run!
Hello.
Not be.
Wait.
Okay.
So this year I am providing dot Slash Because I am running from the current location where
my python skip is there.
So here my python script is there.
That's why I am running in.
Dar slash.
Hello.
Suppose you are in the home location.
You are in a different location On your python skit,
please.
They're in a different location at the time.
If you want to run your pie Transcript from anyone off your part.
What you're doing is you're to provide complete,
but not so.
If you're in the location off where your fight on is there here?
We don't know why.
Done right.
If you don't help fight on scrip in this location,
then you are to run always your python skit by providing your complete park are just enter
into your required location.
Very all your python from there you can done simply dot slash like so there's this is the
way how you can run your python scripts on your windows on UNIX like systems.
Okay,
look again.
Thank you for watching this video